---
title: Virtaal 0.7.1 Released
category: releases
---

This is a bugfix release, with one new feature (Drag and Drop support) that
came as the simplest way to solve a bug.

Highlights
----------

- New and updated translations
- The Windows setup file now has a Galician translation for Innosetup
- Support for Drag and Drop into the Virtaal window (bug 1955)
- Improvements to the Moses machine translation plugin
- Search highlighting sometimes incorrect (bug 1944)
- Some improvements towards fixing bug 1789 (also search highlighting)
- Some performance improvements (search and startup time)
- Reduced memory use in long sessions
- Support for non-ASCII installation paths
- Support for non-ASCII usernames (bug 2000) \[reported by Zbyněk Schwarz\]

Windows
-------

The Windows build also includes some unreleased improvements in the Toolkit:

- Better XML tags test (bug 1971) \[Seb M\]
- Improvements to the Mozilla quality checks
- Corrected plural form for Scottish Gaelic \[reported by Michael Bauer\]

Mac - Beta
----------

Mac is still definitely in beta as we iron out any issues.

- Mac builds also include the above Windows changes.
- CTL and RTL languages are displayed correctly. We now use Apple's CoreText to
  display e.g. Arabic correctly.

Known issues on Mac:

* Language that require specific input methods are not supported. This will
  impact CTL and RTL language.
* Native dialogs have been disabled as they causes crashes on Lion, they will
  be reenabled when that issue is resolved.
* Mac version 0.7.1-Mac-Beta-1 was unable to open XML based file formats. This
  is resolved in Beta-2.


